---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shopify_metafield_definition Resource - terraform-provider-shopify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MetafieldDefinition definition resource
---

# shopify_metafield_definition (Resource)

MetafieldDefinition definition resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The unique identifier for a metafield within its namespace.
Must be 3-64 characters long and can contain alphanumeric, hyphen, and underscore characters.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name for the metafield definition.
- `owner_type` (String) The resource type that the metafield definition is attached to.
Possible values are:
- API_PERMISSION
- ARTICLE
- BLOG
- CARTTRANSFORM
- COLLECTION
- COMPANY
- COMPANY_LOCATION
- CUSTOMER
- DELIVERY_CUSTOMIZATION
- DISCOUNT
- DRAFTORDER
- FULFILLMENT_CONSTRAINT_RULE
- LOCATION
- MARKET
- MEDIA_IMAGE
- ORDER
- ORDER_ROUTING_LOCATION_RULE
- PAGE
- PAYMENT_CUSTOMIZATION
- PRODUCT
- PRODUCTVARIANT
- SHOP
- VALIDATION
- PRODUCTIMAGE
- `type` (String) The type of data that each of the metafields that belong to the metafield definition will store. Refer to the list of [supported types](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/build/custom-data/metafields/list-of-data-types).

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description for the metafield definition.
- `namespace` (String) The container for a group of metafields that the metafield is or will be associated with. Used in tandem with `key` to lookup a metafield on a resource, preventing conflicts with other metafields with the same `key.`
					Must be 3-255 characters long and can contain alphanumeric, hyphen, and underscore characters.
- `pin` (Boolean) Whether to pin the metafield definition.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the metafield.
