---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shopify_metaobject_definition Resource - terraform-provider-shopify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides the definition of a generic object structure composed of metafields.
---

# shopify_metaobject_definition (Resource)

Provides the definition of a generic object structure composed of metafields.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "shopify_metaobject_definition" "example" {
  name = "Example"
  type = "example"
  field_definitions = [
    {
      key      = "text_field"
      name     = "Text Field"
      type     = "single_line_text_field"
      required = true
    },
    {
      key      = "url_field"
      name     = "URL Field"
      type     = "url"
      required = true
    },
    {
      key  = "rich_text_field"
      name = "Rich Text Field"
      type = "rich_text_field"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field_definitions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_definitions))
- `name` (String) The human-readable name for the metaobject definition.
- `type` (String) The type of the object definition. Defines the namespace of associated metafields.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description for the metaobject definition.
- `display_name_key` (String) The key of a field to reference as the display name for each object.

### Read-Only

- `has_thumbnail_field` (Boolean) Whether this metaobject definition has field whose type can visually represent a metaobject with the thumbnailField.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of the metaobject.

<a id="nestedatt--field_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_definitions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the new field definition. This can't be changed.
Must be 3-64 characters long and only contain alphanumeric, hyphen, and underscore characters.
- `type` (String) The metafield type applied to values of the field. If the type is changed, the field will be recreated.

Optional:

- `description` (String) An administrative description of the field.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the field. This can be changed at any time.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether metaobjects require a saved value for the field.
